Qianyun, sorry.
I provoked Mr. Lu
He just ordered Mr. Chen to attack you
No, it's not me, and it's not me.
Shouldn't believe it
What's your trouble?
Is your aunt's health poor?
My mom is fine
Then why are you wow?
I'm so scared I'm not I'm fine
Is it Guo Yuan's bastard boy?
I have to help today, they won't hurt me
So who are you?
I am now apart from my mother
No one wants it.
Huihui doesn't want you either, Huihui doesn't want me either, I won't
We will be together forever
Sister, don't leave me
Wu Rui, what you and Mr. Lu have done is enough to fight
Do I have to be open about it?
No one is allowed to take my line at the intersection
It's all the wrong way
I allow you to deny
But if there is a next time
I will never disturb you
aunt
I'm sorry
I miss you
sister
Why is that?
Why can you win the love of the ancient cloud?
I want you dead.